GitHubAssignment_Kim.txt
 
3-5 paragraph blog post
Why Doctor Who is the best show ever:

Time Lords, Tardises, and mad men with boxes: what exactly is the appeal of the inexorable Doctor Who?  Dating back to 1963, the show has been in existence since most of this generation's grandparents.  It is the source of many science fiction ideas, the reference for innumerable plot devices, and the originator of timeless, iconic characters.  Doctor Who has become a colorful strand in the fabric of media's collective memory. Its attitude toward intelligence and storyline of adventure greatly contributed to its cinematic immortality.

With exclamations such as "Brilliant!" peppering the script, there is no doubt that the serial seeks to immerse the audience in quick-witted ingenuity. In a culture where intelligent people are marginalized as nerds and the socially inept, the Doctor boosts the collective self-esteem of those downtrodden dweebs with  quotes such as, "I'm being extremely clever up here and there's no one to stand around looking impressed!" and "You're making your 'He's hot when he's clever' face."  The Doctor redefines wit as sexiness, and he does it incredibly well.  Yet his incalculable IQ is only overtaken by his indomitably restless spirit.

Since the beginning of the series, a running theme (pun intended) has been the Doctor's ceaseless roaming. He left his planet of Gallifrey for reasons known only to him, but under the guise of being "bored."  He now travels from place to place and from time to time gallavanting and having adventures, but always seeking something new, and always with a new passenger in tow: a companion to "stand around looking impressed."  These companions are chosen without a seeming pattern (other than perhaps, young and beautiful females), but they all share his heartcry: "I'm not running away from things; I'm running to them."  They are not terrified by the unknown, they are thrilled by it.  The Doctor offers "all of time and space," it's not surprising so many of us would gladly come on board.



All quotes taken from Doctor Who episodes. 